c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.exe.config
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.exe
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.pdb
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.g.resources
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.exe
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.pdb
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.Model.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Zstandard.Net.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.Model.pdb
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\máté\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\Projektmunka.csproj.Projektmunka.exe.config
C:\Users\Máté\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\AddProductWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Máté\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\obj\Debug\AddProductWindow.baml
C:\Users\Máté\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.Controller.dll
C:\Users\Máté\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projektmunka\Projektmunka\bin\Debug\Projektmunka.Controller.pdb
